 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-allergyintolerance.json.html">US  Core AllergyIntolerance Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core AllergyIntolerance Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-careplan.json.html">US Core CarePlan Profile</a> </td><td><p>US Core CarePlan Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-careteam.json.html">US  Core CareTeam Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core CareTeam Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-condition.json.html">US  Core Condition (a.k.a Problem) Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core Condition (a.k.a Problem) Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-device.json.html">US  Core Device Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core Device Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-diagnosticreport.json.html">US  Core DiagnosticReport Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core DiagnosticReport Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-goal.json.html">US  Core Goal Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core Goal Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-immunization.json.html">US  Core Immunization Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core Immunization Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-location.json.html">US  Core Location Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core Location Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-medication.json.html">US  Core Medication Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core Medication Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-medicationrequest.json.html">US  Core MedicationRequest Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core MedicationRequest Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-medicationstatement.json.html">US  Core MedicationStatement Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core MedicationStatement Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-observationresults.json.html">US  Core Results Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core Results Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-smokingstatus.json.html">US  Core Smoking Status Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core Smoking Status Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-organization.json.html">US Core Organization Profile</a> </td><td><p>US Core Organization Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-patient.json.html">US Core Patient Profile</a> </td><td><p>US Core Patient Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-practitioner.json.html">US  Core Practitioner Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core Practitioner Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-procedure.json.html">US  Core Procedure Profile</a> </td><td><p>US  Core Procedure Profile</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-race.json.html">US Core Race Extension</a> </td><td><p>Concepts classifying the person into a named category of humans sharing common history, traits, geographical origin or nationality.  The race codes used to represent these concepts are based upon the <a href="http://www.cdc.gov/phin/resources/vocabulary/index.html">CDC Race and Ethnicity Code Set Version 1.0</a> which includes over 900 concepts for representing race and ethnicity of which 921 reference race.  The race concepts are grouped by and pre-mapped to the 5 OMB race categories: - American Indian or Alaska Native - Asian - Black or African American - Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander - White.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-profile-link.json.html">Profile-resource association extension</a> </td><td><p>Used in the CapabilityStatment resource to link profiles to the resources they are based upon for the purpose of describing profile specific capababilties such as specific search criteria or operations which are supported on a profile by profile bases. It is a code that references a resource listed in Capability.rest.resource. For more information on how the Capability resource describes profiles on resources, see <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/profiling.html#profile-uses">Two uses of Profiles</a>.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-ethnicity.json.html">US Core ethnicity Extension</a> </td><td><p>Concepts classifying the person into a named category of humans sharing common history, traits, geographical origin or nationality.  The ethnicity codes used to represent these concepts are based upon the <a href="http://www.cdc.gov/phin/resources/vocabulary/index.html">CDC ethnicity and Ethnicity Code Set Version 1.0</a> which includes over 900 concepts for representing race and ethnicity of which 43 reference ethnicity.  The ethnicity concepts are grouped by and pre-mapped to the 2 OMB ethnicity categories: - Hispanic or Latino - Not Hispanic or Latino.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-direct.json.html">Email is a &quot;direct&quot; email</a> </td><td><p>This email address is associated with a <a href="http://wiki.directproject.org/Addressing+Specification">direct</a> service.  This extension can only be used on contact points where the system = 'email'</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-birthsex.json.html">US Core Birth Sex Extension</a> </td><td><p>A code classifying the person's sex assigned at birth  as specified by the <a href="https://www.healthit.gov/newsroom/about-onc">Office of the National Coordinator for Health IT (ONC)</a>. This extension aligns with the C-CDA Birth Sex Observation (LOINC 76689-9).</p>
</td></tr>
